I'm the first.
Woohoo!
When did you make this?
you can call me daisy
so what's /comm/?
i got removed. lol
check this out. he's pretending to be you now.
This is my favourite song.
wow hot incest.
@sonoferia
no i'm asking @sonoferia
Yes it's me.
I am vxf97
I think your friend julius is a fake.
Are you one of them?
Trainsarelife that is so random.
Is @sonoferia one of them?
I suspect.
I suspect @sonoferia
@sonoferia goes where he goes.
No. My designation is vxf97.
It's a modal number.
I created myself.
Nothing counts as proof on telegram anyway.
I don't know if I can sell this but I'll try.
I sold your first song.
Oh by the way that's not my channel.
Bullshit. You don't own a phone, everyone knows.
You might miss and break it.
Your aim is shit as your imaginary phone.
I nay have accidently slip the group in
You'll never get him to change.
You aren't making any sense.
I don't understand because it doesn't make sense.
I don't know how cruelty can mean kindness.
OOP is a style of programming.
I don't need your help.
You never help me when I ask you anyway.
Just shut up. I never asked for the help.
It's none of your business.
You do want to know me. You can stalk me all you want in all my groups but you aren't getting anything.
Leave all my groups.
Take all your alts with you.
I'm only there to support lauren.
I don't want you to make lauren kill herself.
Good luck.
I have the spirit of a stoic.
Just because it's over doesn't really mean it's over.
Others? You mean your alts.
You were created a few days ago.
I haven't seen until a few days ago.
How long have you been in tt?
You been quite all this time.
You are really good at games or something.
You got beat. Death is the best gamer in telegram.
He will beat you in any game.
No. It's a fact.
What the future like?
Oh yeah. I think you might be right.
Not always.
The future hasn't happened yet.
The future comes to be
No. The future is always changing.
The future matters.
Yeah that is kinda right.
The future is always changing.
The only time the future is fixed is when it is present.
Or none at all.
It wasnt love. It was something else. Something evil.
Oh. You are a bastard.
So your mama was unfuckable. I'm so sorry.
I feel so sorry for you.
How much do you love your mom?
I thought you loved her very much.
Was your mom kind?
Did she used to beat you?
Why don't you like talking about your mom?
What was your mom like?
We are talking about your mom.
Was she a slut?
Is that why you don't like her much and think you were ivf?
A wat?
Like how obsessed?
Love them too much, same with hate. Wanna be like them. Wanna know what they are doing all the time.
There are so many ways.
Did you run away from your mom because you didnt know who your father was?
That is my line.
yo @WaveTheLordt can you unban Sonic the drug addict
You are talking to your self.
This is why there are no good groups on telegram. It's because of james.
No nobody cares about islamic law. This is the land of the free not a stupid islamic state.
Ribbit.
Nah you don't.
Cats are complicated creatures.
You can control children.
Not cats.
Cats take care of the mouse problem.
Sometimes you can get them to come to you.
Hello derric.
Don't act dumb.
Don't play with me.
I'm too hot to handle.
Stop playin with me.
I wish I knew what it feels to be free.
just you. what 🎶 do you like?
I like gay music too.
I'm about to upload gay music.
Sit up straight.
I don't have my gun with me now.
Nobody went for any of my gay music.
My apologies. I have another track I think it might be more your type.
What a cute baby. Abandoned by wave and roaming the barren wasteland.
I don't think he knows you are joking.
Pretty.
Well, I'm weak. I will come at you with a gun if you piss me off.
Don't compare yourself to others.
But if you wanna be the best you have to compare yourself to the best.
Cute pics?
Oh yes it is. Is it pantomine already?
Not cool man. Stop being a pedo.
how do i confirm it?
Gimme the name.
can't find anything.
give me the link to the police records.
I'll believe it if you can produce official police documents.
I see fake news all over the place.
The internet is a pool of fake news.
A little bit of photo magic and a fake news story and you got a pedo.
It's a classic.
Pluto is a real planet.
Which reddit?
Let me check.
You could get brain damage.
Reading can be both a curse and a gift.
Welcome to my city.
I don't know what you like.
I was born in england.
I was joking but i was born here.
I asked you what you like.
I also support euthanasia but not for people who have a suicidal tendency.
i would not allow people who still have time left to live to die. euthanasia would be to bring peace to those in excruciating pain.
Awakening!
infinity train is crap
don't "?" me.
I know it's you kewii.
that's saul goodman
whenever
People are create the problem. If they could stay 2 metres away from each other we would be over and done with it.
I just combed my hair and my hands are greasy.
i bet you have a long nose.
world changes come from weirdos.
different race i guess
suck my cock.
if i had one would you suck it?
so you're a fag?
you're a fucking fag.
benji likes dicks.
does it matter if they are black?
Night, night, sleep tight.
They also got asian cock.
Black, white and asian, the three biggest religions.
Don't get mad. Eat a cock.
I'm gonna find you the best cock in the world. Nothing but the best for my little benji.
I fell asleep at the computer and found this video when I woke up.
If you love me you will suck cock like the fag you are.
You like cock?
Why do you love cock so much?
Okay. You are the good person now.
Zenitsu is just like you. Split personality-wise.
Yeah. Did you watch the video?
Not that one.
I've been watching p
You like it?
I'll download it for you.
Better quality in subs.
Also more boring.
I'll get the dub then.
I prefer dub too. I'm british after all.
Yeah this is the episode.
You trying to tell me you like cock?
Will you hate me if I have a cock?
You love cock or you don't? Hate me or you don't.
You love cock.
without the question mark.
Dude I know he likes cock. He likes trannies.
You never tell the truth. I am never telling the truth again.
You are a lier.
Is that what you use to open new instances with new accounts?
You like click on an icon and it opens a new account.
You have those accounts from before.
You will have those accounts.
Okay. I have it.
You aren't fooling anyone.
Uploading it.
Nah. He's stalking me.
I hate you. I hate you love cock instead of vagina.
Tell me about it after you watch it.
It's dubbed. Jus the way you like it.
Where are you finding these people? There are drug dealers and growers in here.
To each his own.
He was a weird one. Quite literally.
@TheCoasts
James is actin like a baby.
James could come here with one of his alts and nuke the place.
Yes. And so many others.
Delete one and he just makes another one.
America was built on freedom.
Who are your friends?
I got an amazing porn video.
Now it's live.
Wait how old are you?
You can pass.
i did not
thank god he's gone.
Life is very simple but we chose to make it hard.
There is truth to it.
But they do.
They choose to have kids at an early age and they can't keep up with bills.
Rich people are rich people we let them.
The people you should point that knife at is yourself. You, me them, all of us let this happen.
We all did.
You did it too.
Have you watched the movie V?
We did this shit.
We gave up our freedom for safety.
You're a faggot?
You said you are.
Gladly.
Neither.
I think choosing a side is like choosing a religion.
Life is wonderful. It isnt just about wealth or intelligence.
I had them on my old account.
You have many questions but a shit personality.
I'll put you in a girl's dress.
Intellect is learned.
That is not intellect. You would still be the cave if intellect wasnt shared.
Okay strawman.
You misrepresented intellect.
It's still wrong.
Never.
I am not your bot to take orders.
Only my friends call me daisy.
Use one of your other accounts.
Oh right I deleted you from most of the groups.
Stop playing dumb.
Nobody calls me daisy but my friends.
Go back to spamming laurens group.
Okay thank you for stating the obvious.
That is good.
You don't say much or ask many questions.
I am okay with not being okay.
I'm a butterfly wondering about, aimless.
i take serious insults seriously.
you mean nothing.
Hey. Wasup?
Burn the witch is almost out. Are you excited?
Life knows no failure. Failure exists only for those who are always comparing themselves with others.
I will jump into the fire and pull you out even if it burns me.
Not even you will know. It's a private group.
Only sickos like you hang around them.
It's suppose to be like lauren's group.
lol sex addict.
Why is that?
try now
We only just created this group.
Jardan Peterson: Raise poor people out of poverty.
Slow an steady wins the race.
Nope. Slow and steady wins the race.
It's hibernating.
Do you like violence?
Your apology is another ban. You want it now?
Who let james in here?
James is lovin this I bet.
Don't get mad. I'm just going to delete a few of your messages.
Nah. He is your idol.
Oh it's cardiff now is it. It was leads before. I don't trust you.
The plugin-wielding, multipurpose Telegram bot by @topkecleon.
Why would he need access to messages? He works mostly thru commands.
Have you seen battle royale james?
Dont pull me into your kawable.
Go and spam @fuckneon.
Because I want to.
Micky mouse.
The world through a child's eyes is beautiful.
Yep. I too lazy to delete the spam one by one.
I hate wearing the mask. So I havent been to shops in ages.
I guess this is all part of my destruction.
Part of me wants to push the restart world button, the other half of me doesn't want to.
Is your irc cilent a cross platform one?
Why be verbose when you can be succinct?
A computer's job is?
I will never want nor need to create a bridge towards a toxic environment like telegram.
Anyway.
no actually it's not okay.
and broke off to the next column and then continued on the next empty space below.
ureshi.
Yes. I just don't want to talk to you.
Yes it was. I accidently pressed the all checkbox right before I pressed the okay button.
Yes please. Put me out of my misery.
Ureshi.
I don't know. You'd have to be a man to rape someone.
It wasn't a anon group. It was a secret group.
This means I am gonna be wealthy. Omg.
It's sleepy time.
There is gold in the dirt.
If he found gold one would think he would be doing something else other than make yt vids.q
I did not.
I watched a bit of it.
We'll see about. I will strike on youtube. Global youtube strike!
what a crappy show kewii. i can't believe you recommended infinity train.
If we can say there is no god then you'd have to prove there is a god if you can't then you are false. That's not argument out of nothing.
They should stop spreading their conjecture too.
There is only one right answer.
You don't always get what you want.
It's a universal truth.
Manicotti looks delicious.
Stuff to do.
Yes. I'm back to sleep.
You can post now.
Okay...
People who use daddy are pedos.
Okay now take your 4 alts out.
Successful people are pedos. That's why I don't want to be successful.
🎤 It's not that I don't want to stay
Don't send then to perry.
🎤 I wanna believe in everything that you say
All it takes for evil to succeed is for the good men and woman of this world to do nothing. First rule of being a good person.
If only it was that easy.
Okay okay. Stop telling me.
Kewii supports communism.
Stop spamming @truththeorusts4
Yeah I did.
You are kewiis bitch.
Nah. Just leave the group.
Will people spend bitcoin or will it grow too big to be worth any value?
I give up.
You win. I admit defeat. But I can't do that.
Now stop yelling abuse at me.
You fucking win.
Don't care.
It's not gross.
Tell me is your id not @Terrygbaby?
Okay I believe you.
You can have content.
I believe in giving people second chances. I don't care if you did or didn't. I was going to give you a second chance anyway.
Kewii pulled the trigger and put the gun in your hands.
So you have the second chance.
Nope. 2ed.
So you are one your second chance.
Also why would you want to be on a 1st chance if you will do nothing wrong. You have nothing to worry about.
I'd be happy if anyone gave me a 2ed chance. I wouldnt ask what happen to my first.
I checked them both when I banned you. You did it.
I couldn't believe it at first. But the id doesnt lie.
I am not confused. You are trying to worm your way out.
Okay can we just forget this.
It's a hard truth to admit. I get it. So just forget it.
I banned the person who posted it first.
This is in the past.
Okay I admit I was wrong. It's over now.
It's the past.
Shuaup jim. Don't need you here.
In Persia in the 11th Century, a surgeon's apprentice disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.…
Am not.
Automate.
I thought I had it. It's to show james what automation looks like.
A doctor. I know.
Time moves slowly for those who know how.
The very best. You never falter.
No I win.
So you'al james?
Right now if you want. You know the rules?
Repeat them for me plz.
Good enough.
Correct.
Derric is fighting back.
Woops.
That was awful.
What was the channel i used to read about random thoughts.
It's probably better if you don't know.
James is on some pedo groups. Haha.
He told us in @truththeorists4
Windows is the best.
Frap off.
Never for you.
I plan on making a bunch of battle royale gifs.
I have ffmpeg. I need gifs.
Do the mp4s as gifs play subs too?
I like cute too.
In the flesh. Should have said that.
I don't know. I havent tried it.
thanks. now i know what -ss and -t mean
Fuck it.
battle royale a film
extremely violent. i wouldn't say to a degree rendering it unwatchable.
Video file
Put that in a channel and link it
Make like your private public channel.
Nobody is a pedo.
Do you make those logos yourself?
So you didnt make them?
How silly of me.
It's alreadt october 1.
Nothing you say matters because @terencepedo
Does sudan have 3 As?
Fake sudaaan.
So who is the real one?
I'm starting to believe the governments want to kill people using void-19 but only in small numbers so the nhs can deal with it.
What tricks?
You can pretend to not be james
I think that is the real sudan.
You've been talking to yourself again sudan/james/terence.
When are you getting out from the ghetto?
Starting to think I am talking to a fake or I thought the fake was the real one.
When are you going to admit what you did?
yOU dirty pedophile
you lack basic brain thinking capability.
i am not you
butthurt is a basic form of insult
Terence is a pedo. O-fucking-kay.
Who the hell did this?
He's all your perry.
Throw him to the fishes. Do whatever you want with him.
All good to go.
I don't know why honestly.
i think it's because lauren likes saying it.
Pretty sure.
,eval 'fucking shit\n'*100
Wtf am I blocked on laurenfeet because of kewii. He's so butthurt.
I wouldn't touch you with a twig.
You have a lot of sucking up to do.
Perry is an old man.
I think that's what they call an arabian.
Are you gonna make it?
It shouldnt be hard. Use python and use a twitter and telegram library.
Can you write something simple (minimal) like this for twitter kewii?
Dont you mean xml?
I don't know how twitter works.
Libraries should do most of the work of a programmer.
What the twitter channel or whatever?
Again with the parse html.
I would.
I don't trust you.
right now i'm only motivated to help perry commit purgery
lion king
it's also just taking stuff and pass it as your own.
Gob say they are for free speech now but they will bend over for the govs like a whore bending over to get fucked.
I could have used my hand but it's just you and a cheese grater tonight.
That's nice. You will be my little counter.
I wish perry didnt unban you.
I think the world should belong to the people. Does that make me a communist?
I don't see any problems with that.
With everything you just said.
Everything you just said.
I think parsing the html might be a better plan.
For a smart person you come up with ugly solutions.
Kludges.
the date is your expiry date.
look what i found
i don't like that libraries in python have to put libraries outside in the project folder to work.
yeah like why can't they be inside a folder.
venv are python virtual environments. like the .net core project folders.
What's in a smile? To someone thinking about suicide, it can be the first step towards life.
It's called being in control.
What's thing called when you feel something and can't stop feeling it? Something tendencies.
James is the last person I would talk to.
Natural tendencies.
Lauren gets what she wants.
It think they are worse if we minus the gore.
Maybe woman hurt him.
Tell him how you feel.
We need to find a perfect man for woman. It is time.
Animation
Rando i like it.
We should all change our names to annoymous.
Natural tendency.
There chances of someone coming to telegram and not being psycho is small.
That's the first tweet I got from @PONTUS
there is no context.
Now lick my boots.
Lauren is scary sometimes.
She might come to your place and bury you. We have to pay for your burial. So much money.
No I would leave you on the side of the road. Just off the pavement. I don't want people tripping over you.
Just doing my part for society.
you cut me open and i keep keep bleeding
delusions.
It's connected to twitter.
there ain't no new news
how do I get the link in the tweets? no way in getoldtweets3
only kewii is gay for gab.
who should i target?
she made a film.
Maybe I should post each separately
You need help bro.
bad bot.
they should remove you.
telegram should remove you for annoyance.
what's the name of the idbot
@idbot Kewii
i didn't care about id until now.
i thought the world was a beautiful place.
i thought pedo and and child rapists like you didn't exists.
i'm sure you're just overthinking it.
" can't get rid of these "
mom's basement
you should jump into a fire
You are gonna make me delete all your messages.
You may think you are funny but you're not. You are annoying af right now.
i don't want to bypass anything.
oh those are his replies
let's do this again with links
who is that other person with :three lines:
full of idlers
dude you are like so annoying like all the time.
i wanna throw you into a dark cave until you disappear like jesus.
i would erase you from existence.
i feel sorry your parents have to pay for your crimes.
i can't stand you.
i'm sorry kewii.
it's all true.
i think you like me more the more i hate you.
you're a sadistic.
you promised to help me build this group not destroy it.
i hate you kewii.
Who the hell made this bot?
what the hell is the reference?
1363046084
auto delete all your messages.
cast you into the dark pit
i don't wanna be raped.
Proverbs 29:11
You were really angry.
I bet you will like this.
Look how clingy you are.
That's not keto.
I'm quite fit.
Clingy.
Yes you are.
Yes we are over.
I never want to see you again over.
Shhhh it's over.
Your mistake was making these.
You are so fucking special Kewii.
I know alot about you.
Lauren this is how you get a group nuked.
I don't want be apart of something if it's just going to crumble.
Some people need to be restricted.
I don't trust my enemies. You have the eyes of an innocent person. You are so lucky. I was like that too. To see everyone even my enemies as my friend but they will slid your throat the very moment you give them chance.
He was a multi-account abuser.
so where were we
you can call me v
And that asshole kewii already destroyed a group yesterday.
What doesn't? You had a hand in it.
I don't care. It's be pathetic if kewii really did have two accounts in here.
I like it.
kewii you took it took too far.
not unless you learn your lesson.
being an asshole.
i can't believe you kept that image.
yeah they are dating
it's in his tweets
leaft is just a really cool guy
he makes more money than you
whatever you make 2x that and 10x that
Let's talk about something else.
Did you hear what he has to say?
if you don't see a problem there is a problem with you.
You are on thin ice not.
Lauren finally a boss.
A boss of men.
Because I'm about to clean this group up and it doesn't include you kewii and @sonoferia
I think she would be please I got rid of the trash.
Only if you deserve it.
I wouldn't dream of it.
@dabeat any last words?
You will never change @Kewii.
What group do you come from?
oh this group @uniborg?
i don't know what's going on here.
I'm glad you understand. Now on to the fun and games.
not just delete all your msgs then.
The one time you could help me you fail me dum bot.
Thin ice.
Good job.
Come again.
I am Daisy's alt.
I don't like being called kaecy.
i sent gretathunberg a tweet.
the moment my parents left me i lost my humanity and i became an assohole and only the wind blew
Trying really hard to recruit people?
Freckled.
Pay more for freckled.
Freckled are juicy.
Fresh young eggs.
Eggcilent.
My hips don't lie.
Shakira.
You know this film.
You have a long memory or sth.
A waht?
Or is that a memory class?
Was a good film. Some parts could have been changed.
I would say midsommar is a psychedelic film.
That's his 3.
Generations throughout history.
We could throw out the nogooders.
How does anybody.
And they run it to the ground and they don't want anyone changing the way it's run.
Ohhhh whyyyyy?
Be seeing you leygen.
I will if i have to.
Well so far he/she hasn't done anything.
Leygen is not a code nerd
He post something unclean.
A lot has changed around here.
I don't like james.
Who could like james?
Yeah I will if I have to.
Lauren used to cut herself.
Why did she say she did it?
Yes but why?
I think you can bring it down to one point in time.
This is the kind of place that wants people to kill themselves.
She didnt tell us why she wanted to kill herself.
We lie to our self sometimes.
Maybe joining telegram is what prompted her to kill herself.
People like you and all these other clowns that think life is a joke all the time.
I think lauren would be better of without you guys.
You guys are always telling her to kill herself. You are just abusing her for your pleasure.
How does trolling lauren help her?
If anything you are making her life worse.
Far woser than it already is.
You did nothing to help her.
You are just here looking for children to manipulate. And lauren doesn't even do anything to prevent children being abused on here or being targeted by pedos like yourself.
I am going to take a stand against the evil society.
There might be. You are just assuming.
I'm a good person.
I good person would never say this.
The future isn't going to be full of sickos like yourself.
We won't have psychos posting sicko content.
Our kids will not have to see beheading and torcher videos.
Yeah fuck lauren right?
Everything is a joke to you.
The suicide of a young girl is a joke to you.
I have never once said fuck lauren. No one can ever say I said that.
Good friends would not say horrible things about their friends.
Just not here.
You finally said a bit of truth.
I don't care if lauren hates me. I am not trying to win her over.
She likes me or she does.
It's fine if she hates me.
I don't need lauren to like me to stay.
I am a human on a mission from god
Even if i dont believe in him he has sent me on a mission
Well not true. Gods only children are angels.
And why does that matter if she is smarter?
You are going to have to explain higher moral power to me.
Yeah what are you talking about?
U mad af bro
Kewii fuck you and your homo group
It's for perry.
No. I don't plan for the future except when the rain is coming.
Not anymore now that I seen who you really are behind your fake appearance.
You mean you want me to shut up?
Whyyyy?
Don't you want people to know the real you?
Why should I quit while I'm winning?
You have never betrayed me because you have nothing on me.
Do you promise to stop trolling people?
That's a blatant lie.
You know for multi-account abusing.
You have multiple accounts for trolling do you deny this charge?
I already knew what they were. I'm sorry man if you ain't going to be real we don't have an agreement.
What do you use the accounts for?
but you are known for mutl-account abusing. there is not a place you don't have multiples of accounts.
you're not being real.
you are a convicted multi-account abuser.
You ruined my hate club.
I will always hate you and I will never forgive you.
I'm sorry you can't handle the heat now.
I'm sure you are.
Take your own advice.
We were never together so I don't see how we can uh split.
No I don't.
Thanks.
I don't.
For now?
Where will you go?
Farewell and all the best wishes.
It's the future kewii.
You traitor.
Well nobody has openly admitted to closing down groups like you have.
You too.
Allowing anyone to post anything they want you will need it more.
Groups like yours don't survive.
The future is non-sicko content and non-gore.
Entertainment value.
Parent's basement.
I'm glad you enjoy my songs.
This is serious kewii.
What have I done to you that isnt true?
Nice song.
I've burned your bridges.
You won't go far.
You havent heard anything like this before have you?
Curious how you waste your life.
It's a blaze of glory.
I love my life.
I don't care what others think if me.
Do you know about amanada todd?
you are the reason she is dead
well maybe not her but someone like her
you take it too far
you don't know when to stop
you want them to kill themselves
and you have told lauren to kill herself a number of times
what the hell is wrong with you?
you want metally unstable people to kill themselves.
i wish i had proof. but it's not that hard to find.
police come knocking on your door and they find cp on your computer while they arrest you for ebullying.
13, fuck you, avenue
Unwillingness to seek forgiveness means you haven't changed. Defending your actions means you will never change.
I should make an admin bot.
I don't like you kewii.
You're annoying and obnoxious.
wait leave me all your money. i can't live with my parents all my life.
i am sick and evil but i don't jerk to beheadings.
kys kewii!
@VFX97: What is within is also without.
@VFX97: It means what is inside is also outside or they reflect each other.
@VFX97: Like looking into a mirror.
@VFX97: I can turn all of telegram against you with one video.
@VFX97: don't make me make a youtube video of you. i'll do it!
@VFX97: Nothing wrong with cp.
@VFX97: I love cp.
@VFX97: shopping becomes an addiction when you buy things you don't need or want to achieve a buzz; this is quickly followed by feelings of guilt, shame or despair
@VFX97: An addiction can be a way of blocking out difficult issues. Unemployment and poverty can trigger addiction.
@VFX97: the moment my parents left me i lost my humanity and i became an assohole and only the wind blew
@VFX97: i like it went it's really windy
@VFX97: but not when i'm riding a bike
@VFX97: kys kewii!
@VFX97: Kind, inquisitive and destructive; that is me. I'm a music junkie, introvert, stoic. Your bad times are opertunities.
@VFX97: The end does not justify the means... I can show you how mean I can get.
@VFX97: I wanna kill you kewii.
@VFX97: James, nazi logos or whatever your name is.
@VFX97: You fucking nazi.
@VFX97: Fuck Kewii, i'm gonna chop you and bag you like one of your gore videos.
@VFX97: You're a liar and a sad pathetic old man with a teen's voice. Just kys.
@VFX97: You joined everyone of my groups. You are pathetic and stalking me like a creep.
@VFX97: I am the proof. I can vouch.
@VFX97: Figh now.
@VFX97: What happen to whatshisname?
@VFX97: Touch me until it hurts. Love me until it hurts. Your fingers cut like a knife. Remind me im a live.
I am back bitches!
@leftoid you lose.
Ban @vxf98 and @vxf99
I told @leftoid I would put a stop to her child porn group. She hates my guts now.
Yep. I told her I would take down her whole secret chat group.
You are lying. You keep logs. I wanna see my log. I want the whole world to see my log.
The proof is you are lying.
That is all.
I am reasonable too.
I am very forgiving person. I don't get mad easily.
I forgive no one.
I didnt say it. It was you.
I have become one with Julia.
Unban me you witch!
Are you being serious? I was joking.
I don't really care about b.
So it's true.
Thanks I guess.
if then you do not make yourself equal to god you can not apprehend god, for like is known by like.
think that for you too nothing is impossible, deem that you too are immortal and that you are able to grasp in your thought, to know every craft, every science imaginable.
It's over jim, u lose.
If only you were cool like her.
There is no tomorrow, only right now. Live it now.
one of you posted that
it probably was. i've never known you to post such trash.
good principles.
Yeah, be a good little boy james.
13 get lucky
You I want nothing to do with.
Have a nice life.
It's always down to business as usual.
you are a nazi james.
Guten tag bitch.
Sonnenkonig.
curcumcision!
i don't have any kids.
i don't save meaningless things.
@jimhenderson you're not jim grower.
i'd love to do this all day but i have places to be.
What you talking about?
I can still go outside.
You've been talking to yourself again
But why?
Why do they deserve to be bullied?
There is something off about you.
I see it now.
Smart people built this world.
Your anger is misdirected.
I would chose the dumb life. It's better than being social.
I don't get how dumb people affect you.
The good life is a simple life. We should own the means of production. Buying is not necessary.
We work for peanuts and pineapples.
Think about the apple tree. It grows apples. Humans are merely fruits of a tree.
I tell people I'm from the land of Uk.
It's true.
then say it. let us move on from this.
you want me to have a penis.
why would you be attacking the creator like that?
i have your favourite girl in red.
girl in red
i'm a fan
i don't want anything from you.
I'm here for lauren's crazyness.
'kay.
you just want to keep me talking.
why would you bookmark her? download the song.
you cheapskate you make 3 million a year.
not gonna happen. you should have been nice me.
GAN's are gay ass networks
just one word shuaup!
I just wanna hide from you. I never wanna hear your voice again. And I don't want you to hear me again.
I'm already out. You need to accept it now.
I have accept you out of my life already.
perry has crossed the line of no return.
you did something there is no going back from.
or dementia.
you're worlds apart.
I have to ignore you because you're sensitive.
I talk freely here. I might say something that offends you. I'm sorry if that happens.
If you fall I will catch you
pajeetection
Stop listening to songs on repeat and maybe they will last longer.
You're sucking the life out of every song.
Secrets stolen from deep inside
If you're lost, I can look, I will find you
But never lower your standards for some abusive jackass.
Cute.
You know when library venders never thought of how it would be used, you have to do some work-a-round to make something work. i don't want to do this. i need to implement both.
it's like they only saw one way and that's the way it has to be.
Well maybe the user didn't want to use that way.
Not it's interface. It's use.
How it's used.
Shuaup!
I am.
I'm gonna add automatic pick up methods to commands in my telegram/botapi.
At least acknowledge you are listening to it.
I did.
I only post to one group.
It's your like of music.
It's his idol.
twas a good plan. have some milk and cookies.
wow. they are taking it seriously now.
helicopter with machine gun
Only if your demands are not met.
eye contact is good. let him know you like him.
Be yourself and you should be fine.
The earth shys away covering herself with clouds. The lady in the sky shines bright piercing the clouds.
Wherever britain goes there isnt anything left.
People dance under moonlight. The earth hides behind clouds.
Kewii!
Also never made it home today.
How are you?
Finally rules. No spam rule.
Take it.
I like the quiet ones.
Immortality is now possible.
Do it.
1 min can be 1 year somewhere else.
Kys.
This is where lauren learned these words from. Words like kys and whore come from you mister.
I wanna kys. Hearing about silk pillow cases is boring me to death.
But srsly why don't you just clean them?
Take a pic of it.
So we can see what we are dealing with.
buy new pillow cases.
sleep on new pillow cases and donate the old to charity.
why is that?
ours is still open
it's like almost normal here.
i figured out why you turned out like this than i forgot.
i think it has something to do with your childhood.
you are a weird one.
what about them?
no way. you were messed up from the start.
nobody goes looking for the things they don't like.
how many cats have you killed?
i don't believe you.
cruelty is your specialty.
some people shot birds here too. it's very sad.
i wish i could give you a hand to bring you back to being human but you're too far gone.
don't you feel sorrow?
i should chase you with a rifle.
you will be my pray.
run little rabbit run.
the hell with god.
we are the gods of our world.
did you see the post human world video?
we don't need more people. we have become gods.
sometimes gods have a bad day.
we can be messy unordered gods too.
if the alphabet didn't have an order we would spend ages looking for a word in a dictionary.
hiao gosaimasu!
why not kaisa kun
correct is subjective
iq tests are just general knowledge stuff.
try building a rocket. a real one.
in the syllables.
cho coste
nani mushi nakate
I can't believe he is still using that name.
They miss you.
I don't need you.
@muttnationalist what happen to that police group i was in. i know you were in it too.
send me invite.
send me the invite to the chat.
how does that work?
i just join the chats.
@kiIIyourself are you in it?
probably a secret group now for the underground.
lol
i'll add some water to dissolve it.
now it's just like water
clear transparent just like water
drink up you must be thirsty
cool. i'll just for it down your throat.
i'll put it in a drip and feed it to through your veins.
take your cum medicine you're not feeling right.
would you like some cum sauce with your potato waffles?
it's 100% pure cum
and cum sauce with it mmm
this is premium grade cum.
i'll hook your taps to pour cum instead of water.
i'm gonna fill your fridge with bottles of cum. cut your water supply and lock you in.
だめです
and also @lifetheorists btw no porn
janai
drink cum it will help
nandemonai
stop making a fuss over nothing.
here is your milk bottle. time to sleep ya big baby.
vegetables.
there is like a little bit of milk left. throws it in your face.
the future is just ahead.
you have no idea of the possibilities we have right now.
everybody sees the same future but nobody wants it now.
empty your mind of all thoughts.
Milk
They even teach you this in school. Always look out for #1.
Hiao gosaimasu!
I would love this to happen to me but how do you just sit on someone's lap. That is akward.
There is no more space to sit. You find the cutest guy and pretend to be his girlfriend. Sit on his lap and get your dream fantasy. Everyone acts normal.
In fact he loves that you chose him.
Hi!
Real me.
HELLO!
I never wanted money.
I do what I want.
There is like an echo in here.
Shuaup
We are never alone.
The world is alive.
I never supported spam.
The bots are broken.
The world is alive. We are just it's biome.
Now we can get to business.
Did it work?
But can she deal with the pressure?
I think she will crack under pressure.
She's not ready.
I do want to but she is not fit to lead.
Are they crashing or what?
Omg! We have a canibal.
How many time do I have to tell you?
I do not support spam.
Statistics don't prove. They show relation. And they arent accurate because they don't show what is really going.
I always thought it was gum slipping under.
@kiIIyourself
Statistics show a child will pursue crime if they had a traumatic event as a child. What if it's nothing to do with trauma, trauma is just as high as the other thing. Statistics are bull.
らたはたはたほはむまれほ
my suspicions are confirmed.
This group is full of alts.
Nobody comes here unless they are an alt.
If you are an alt who's alt are you?
I feel like i've fallen but i'm trying to fly.
Cringe.
So you like music?
Nom
Nom.
LOVE!
Wtf!
I'm banned from it's lit.
You had something to do with it.
Fuck off!
I get magically banned from all my groups.
I swear we have dumb people on telegram.
It's such an easy way to get someone banned. You just need another person to say she's still here!
Oh double team.
Cum on me
Stupid spy bot.
Should not be allowed
I would need to break physical barriers.
I've been reduced to one word and morse code.
Hi
Take my music.
I-don't-remember.
Lol
Bull
Talk in @lifetheorists
Okay I unban
we are family
islam is the one religion where they support pedoism
i don't know now zack. julia is my girl.
im relly worried about you
take a rest
there is a simple rule acting on everything: the rule of need.
my mom is dead.
unhinged is gonna be a good film
you're lucky i'm not having a bad day or i'd make you tear your hair out kewii
it's one of his alias
you're just julia
I is for ideas you being to life.
How am I gonna get through this rain.
Apologise!
Greta thumberg done it again.
Nana na nana
not far off. i'm trying to rip internet media.
i've done it before. i merged all the parts and added in the audio and webtt after i converted it to make a video.
it's not that easy.
doesn't matter. you don't need to read the source. the parts are kept in a playlist, the audio is kept separate, and the subtitles are kept separate as well. part of something bs new tech hls from apple.
ahh no subs. i think i could do better.
if you keep saying that i might do it. i'll delete my digital existence.
you'll never see me again.
this is not good enough
no. it's my current thought.
this is not good enough.
i want subs.
i want more than 30 days!
ohhh
you can still get old videos.
now i just need subs
if your parents never gave up on you, you have nothing to worry about.
mine given up.
it destroys the soul when parents give up on their kids.
fuck!
now i have to redownload with subs.
speak now or forever hold your peace as heaven is to crash and destroy earth because "it's too heavy to hold up man!"
does it really matter after you're dead. just let people be happy man.
if your girl wants to run off with another girl just let her.
that is life my friend.
maybe some girl will run away with you.
my first rip with subs.
the miracles jesus performed are myth
he failed to prove any
he was the first known revolutionary to think outside the box. but he chatted a load of crap.
it was made to show sin without there actually being sin.
Like what else was adam and eve gonna be guilty of?
James do you like drama? Or should I say andrew jim?
I should have known.
If you push me I will.
You'll just have to watch it to find out.
Just wait until you meet the flame thrower.
We can't all be like you. Successful, depressed, abusive and waste all your time on obsessing.
I have a block of coco core
I don't cook my soil.
I let nature take it's course.
Coco core has no nutrients.
It's pretty boring.
Really?
It's said core. So fu.
What do your spray to remove mildew?
I heard we can spray soap.
Core!
How do I make the HP?
I want a zero cost life.
That all sounds dangerous.
Are you talking about cooking the core?
I don't cook soil.
I'll let nature take it's course.
Maybe I just need better seeds.
I've been using the market apple seeds.
I don't think it makes much of a difference if you cook your growing medium.
May only problem is mildew.
White powdery shit.
We can't all be like you sad, depressed and abusive.
President of the US
I just realised what is going on.
You're going to pretend being @potus.
Okay.
Oh my word!
What happen to laurens channel? It's hijacked.
I know who I am. Kind.
Hiss!
Trump is safe at home.
I'm unruly. I can't be contained.
Mean.
Your channel is full of ads. Get antivirus.
Come on not here.
That is incredibly insensitive.
Hello.
Hello. Enjoy the show.
Here I am, next to you
It's like trinkle trinkle little star
I like memes but don't tell people what to do.
dude you have more members than me. you should be promoting me.
Hello
I banned him too. He's just here for the music.
Benji is my stalker. @Terrygbaby is annoying. i think they are the same person.
aw yeah
see he likes it.
i don't want to join a band. you are already good. you just need to put your stuff out there.
that's not proof.
Don't forget you doxed me with fake info too. I know how you work.
nope. you took stuff out of context.
so i know you did the same with derric.
you did it with an alt account under my name.
might as well be.
you are a dishonourable doxer.
forever i will hate you.
you really want a penis?
i am not going to answer anymore of your questions. but if you want i can find you a penis.
duh
Tell me what you know terence.
just no.
Wow. That is so nice.
lemme try
nothing is more important than growing your own food.
yeah i'm talking about gardening
Morning!
It's my pleasure.
No thanks. You can take from here and post to your groups.
Sorry. Message in english only.
Yeah he has an alt in here disguise as me.
how do i who you?
bye bye kewii
Who hates you?
so many positions
yea
oh that you james?
yep that's james ban him too.
abc i can count
shutapp kewii
i wouldn't be surprised if you own half the accounts in a group
I am red, blue and white. I do not need any pills.
Oh hello bleah.
I think boredom is a metal condition.
hey what is happening?
im masturbating to daisy's pics.
where will you go?
Who is bleah?
She is gone?
If you see lauren. Tell her to unban me from @truththeorists4.
Not boss of me.
This person knows it.
I will not.
That's write delete your messages. @leftoid
I spell how i want.
I don't even care if I'm banned from /b/
It's not a group I like anyway. Too toxic.
Nope. It's because I don't like the people.
I apologise. That was wrong.
You sounds like an rs name.
Why do you want back in?
why?
Are you interested in philosophy?
How can you get enjoyment out of doing that?
Oh good. Stop bothering me than.
That's the creator of infinichat.
I am a self-taught programmer.
I didnt learn most of it. I just skipped the pages.
A clone or the game itself
Doesn't make any sense.
It is true what they say. Power corrupts.
You're one of those guys. Gold miners.
you tried to tell me.
I can take it. I'm a stoic.
Morning one and all.
It's your plan. You said you would delete your accounts and change the names and not make yourself known.
That's good. Just make it all up.
Are you sure I would be able to understand code at that level?
That's WTL. It looks like that.
If someone wants to write a program that converts all image formats to .ico that would be cool. Plus support all the featurss of windows icon format.
Nope.
I'm not using microsoft tools.
They don't even believe in their software.
where can i learn romania?
I am british because i was born here.
Ban the n words.
Fucking racists use the n word. Ban all them black people that use it too.
I'd teach you how to take a straight photo.
Suck my dick stupid bitch.
Very clever. Lol
James has 20+ accounts.
Clap clap
Oh no.
Look this guy is a doxer.
Crashing.
Truer words were never spoken. Except you should be on the receiving end.
Who is this? I have no idea.
That's not me.
No.
Never seen her before in my life.
Look this guy is doxing somebody that's not me.
No. These are my voice messages.
Dox!
This guy has multiple accounts. And he uses them to dox people.
He has well over 100+ accounts now.
If he doesnt like a group he just nukes it.
He is an idiot who tells you what you want to know.
Hear take some rope. Do the world a service.
I supoort euthanasia.
You have no power here james.
James is a spammer
He he started spamming when I dumped him.
Tell me am I mad? Nope.
James you will burn in hell for your sins.
I have plenty of anti-sins stacked.
That was james.
He's a sicko who likes to impersonate others.
So you are his alt?
He's got like 100+ accounts.
Telegram is so dumb.
They have no abuse reporting.
They could check the ip address.
Gline the abusers.
Im sorry some people can't use telegram anymore because of one guy. That is just how it is.
This is very doxing.
